six months after half of all life
returned from the blip sam wilson with
support from u.s air force first
lieutenant hawking torres stops george
bedrock and terrorist group laf who have
hijacked a plan and taken the house
state offered tunisia
wilson who was given the mantle of
captain america by steve rogers
struggled with this idea and decides to
give roger steele to the u.s government
for museum display bucky barnes who was
recently pardoned attends government
magnetic therapy
he discussed his attempts to make amends
for his time as bran was assassin the
winter soldier in switzerland
torres investigates another terrorist
group the flag's messer who believed
life was better during the blip
torres is injured by a member of the
group with superhuman strength when he
witnessed them a rob bank in switzerland
he later informed wilson of this who has
been attempting to help his reluctant
sister sarah with the family fishing
business
the government soon announced a new
captain america
john walker
walker appears on good morning america
and reveals he desires to live up to
roger's mantle barnes tells wilson that
he should have kept the shield and
decides to accompany wilson deal munich
where the flagsmaster and their leader
carly morgenthau are stealing a shipment
of medicine
wilson and barnes attacked the group but
they are super soldier and overpower the
pair walker and lamar hoskin arrive to
help but the flex messer escape
walker wants to work with barnes and
wilson but they refuse
traveling to baltimore barnes introduced
wilson to assaiya bradley a veteran
super soldier who fought the winter
soldier in the korean war
bradley refused to help them uncover
information about additional super
soldiers due to being imprisoned and
experimented on by the u.s government
and hydra for 30 years
burns is arrested for missing a therapy
appointment but walker has him released
burns and wilson again refused to work
with walker and barnes suggests to
wilson that they visit the imprisoned
helmut zemo unbeknownst to wilson barnes
orchestrates a prison riot to help zemo
escape and he agrees to help to stop the
flag spencer they travel to mad report a
criminal sanctuary city island and meet
with high ranking criminal selby she
reveals that the power broker hired
former hydera scientist dr wilford nigel
to recreate the super soldier's room
wilson's identity is exposed by sarah
cole shelby is killed and a bounty is
subsequently a place on wilson barnes
and zemo as they escape
saron carter who has been living as a
fugitive saves them from bounty hunters
and brings them to an edge lab they
learn he recreated 20 doors of the serum
with the flex master stall zemo
unexpected kills nigel and the lab is
destroyed but zemo steals a getaway
vehicle
carter stays behind and wilson agrees to
obtain a pardon for her walker and
hoskin arrive in berlin and deduce that
barnes and wilson helped zemo escape
while the flagsmaster read the global
representation console storage facility
in lithuania for supplies zemo burns and
wilson traveled to latvia in search of
morgan flaw barnes recognized wakandan's
tracking device in the street and
confronts duramilaji ao who demands zemo
[Music]